>> Kadi Kraman: Hello and welcome to this
introductory course to React Native.
If you're new to React Native or
you've just tried a little bit or
you're just getting started,
I'm honestly, I'm so excited for you.
I love building mobile apps and
the first time you actually see something
that you built in JavaScript in React or
in your own phone and
actually interact with the components.
It's incredibly satisfying and rewarding,
and yeah, let's get started doing that.
So this course is going to be
an introduction to React Native.
So you don't need to know anything
about React Native already.
If you're familiar with JavaScript and
TypeScript, that is very much preferred.
And knowledge of React is desirable but
is not essential.
So in this course,
we're very much going to learn by doing.
We're going to start
completely from scratch and
we're going to cover the fundamentals of
building mobile apps with React Native.
So the primary components are use interact
with, and we'll highlight the subtle and
then not so
subtle ways that mobile development
is different from web development.
So hi, my name is Kadi,
I'm your instructor.
I've actually been fortunate enough
to stumble onto React Native
really early on, and I was hooked.
And I've been building
React Native develops ever since.
I've worked on loads
of interesting things,
I guess one of the notable things was
that I was the tech lead on the PU map.
Aside from consultancy work,
I've also been active in direct community.
I've done several conference talks.
I've linked to a couple
of the more recent and
more interesting ones in this course page.
I've also spearheaded building
the React Conf app for React Conf in 2024,
which you can find in Google Play and
App Store.
And this was actually an example
app that was built specifically
to have an end-to-end,
in-production example of what it's
like to build React Native apps
with Expo and go to production.
So you can actually see
it on the app stores and
the code is available on GitHub.
I'm currently working at Expo and
hoping to bring more people
into the amazing world of building
mobile apps in React Native.
So for this workshop, what you'll
need to follow along is a computer.
So a Mac, Windows, or Linux, all are fine.
And you'll need to have Node.js
ideally installed already.
And the second thing you need is a phone.
So an iPhone or
an Android phone,and internet connection.
>> Kadi Kraman: In this course,
we're going to be learning by doing.
So all we're going to do is we're going
to build a little utility app completely
from scratch.
So we're gonna start
from the blank template.
And I'm going to introduce
various concepts and
point out common patterns in
React Native development as we go on.
This app is gonna have two main features.
We're gonna have a shopping list.
It's gonna be a fancy shopping list,
and a reminder.
I'm also gonna add a third screen, and
this is gonna be intentionally left blank.
So it's gonna be for
you to fill out with something that you
would like as a utility app for yourself.
So have a think of what
you'd like to build and
hopefully the skills in this
workshop are going to get you there.
And just as a bit of housekeeping,
I've had this course website and
all the material that I'm going to
cover is available on this course.
I'm probably gonna say more things
live than I've written down, but
all the code is going to be here.
In general, all the commands
that you need to execute In your
terminal are going to be
displayed in these code blocks.
And any code that we're going to write is
going to be in these collapsible elements.
So these will be either for
new files or write the whole file, or
it will be a diff of what's changed.
And at the end of each section
If we've added any code,
I'm also going to have a checkpoint.
So it's gonna be this blue checkpoint with
a link to the course solutions repository.
And this will link to the commit.
So if you go to the git commit history,
this will have a commit for
every step that we're going
to do in the workshop.
So you can refer back to
this to check your work.
I might also add a couple of these
annotations for tips or warnings.
So a tip is just something useful related
to the topic that we're discussing.
And then this warning is
usually either a warning
against a common anti-pattern or
a common mistake,
or just a tip offering debug advice.
I think that's it for the intro.
And I hope you'll enjoy the course.